the mandalorian defeats a pursuing
bounty hunter in a dogfight
but the razor crest is damaged and he
lands at a repair facility run by peli
motto in mose icely on tatooine
[Music]
while seeking work to pay for the
repairs in a local cantina
he meets toro calicon a young bounty
hunter looking to join the bounty
hunter's guild by capturing fenik shand
a well-trained mercenary despite having
misgivings
the mandalorian agrees to help him for
the bounty while clicking will take
credit for the capture
pelly meanwhile has come across the
child and begins to take care of it
while working on the ship
growing slightly attached to it the
mandalorian and culican travel into the
dune sea on speeder bikes
looking for shand they come upon tuscan
raiders
the mandalorian barters with them for
safe passage
they eventually come across a dewback
with a dead bounty hunter
attached to it which turns out to be
bait laid out by chan to attract anyone
looking for her
[Music]
the two manage to avoid her attacks and
capture her but she manages to destroy
one of their speeder bikes in the fight
the mandalorian goes to get the dubak to
replace the destroyed speeder
while kalikan watches shand she tells
him that the mandalorian is a traitor to
the guild and that the bounty on the
mandalorian
and the child are worth a great deal
more than her bounty
cullikan is unconcerned with the bounty
but shen points out that taking out a
mandalorian would make him a legend
she offers to help cullikan capture the
mandalorian if he sets her free however
cullikan shoots her assuming that she
would betray him
and heads to the repair facility on the
speeder bike where he captures motto and
the child
[Music]
the mandalorian arrives uses a flash
grenade to disorient colican
and kills him the mandalorian then gives
kalikin's money to motto to pay for the
repairs on his ship and he leaves
tatooine
[Music]
out in the desert a mysterious figure is
seen approaching shan's body